Add mentions about Gradle support in Designer (#352)
vaadin/docs: articles/tools/designer/getting-started/setting-up-your-environment.asciidoc

If you need to set up your Java development environment from scratch, follow the steps in the link:https://vaadin.com/learn/tutorials/modern-web-apps-with-spring-boot-and-vaadin/setting-up-a-java-development-environment[Building Modern Web Apps with Spring Boot and Vaadin - Setting up a Java development environment] tutorial.

> If you already have a working Java development environment, including a JDK, Maven, Gradle, Git, Node.js, and an IDE, you can skip this step and proceed to set up a Vaadin project. The tutorial uses IntelliJ IDEA, but everything demonstrated is also available in Eclipse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have a working Java development environment, including a JDK, Maven/Gradle, Git, Node.js, and an IDE, you can skip this step and proceed to set up a Vaadin project. The tutorial uses IntelliJ IDEA, but everything demonstrated is also available in Eclipse.
```

As an alternative, you can skip the steps above and download the end result of Chapter 5 directly: https://github.com/vaadin-learning-center/crm-tutorial/archive/03-database-and-backend.zip[download the project as a zip from GitHub].

> NOTE: Designer also support Vaadin Gradle projects the same ways as Maven projects, see <<{articles}/guide/start/gradle#, how to set up Vaadin Gradle projects>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Gradle support
[NOTE]
Designer supports Gradle based projects the same ways as Maven based projects. See <<{articles}/guide/start/gradle#, Starting a Project with Gradle>>.
```
